New Entry: SwiftUI and Views (#1005)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/hstack/hstack.md

---
Title: 'HStack'

> Description: 'The HStack view creates horizontally stacked elements, where elements lay in a left-to-right layout.'

Author: ```suggestion
Description: 'The HStack view is a layout container where elements, or subviews, are arranged in a horizontal line (left-to-right).'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`HStack`** view is a layout container where elements, or subviews, are arranged in a horizontal line (left-to-right).

Author: @Dusch4593 Maybe UI/UX? @lucwhite

## Syntax

This view rests within the body of some `View`.

```pseudo
var body: some View {
  HStack {
    Subviews here
  }
}
```

> 

Author: I think this information is given in the examples (see example explanations)
